Add `async_without_await` rule (#5869)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

#### Enhancements

> * Adds `noAsyncWithoutAwait` opt-in rule that check if a async function call at least one async function.  

Reviewer: Do we want to fix warnings in this PR? There is so many of them it would be nice to do that in single PR.

> * Adds `noAsyncWithoutAwait` opt-in rule that check if a async function call at least one async function.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add new `no_async_without_await` opt-in rule that check if an `async` function/property/subscript/initializer declaration contains at least one `await`.  
```

> * Add new `async_without_await` opt-in rule that check if an `async` function/property/subscript/initializer declaration contains at least one `await`.  

Reviewer 2: Reading that again, we could skip the details and be a bit more concise:
```suggestion
* Add new `async_without_await` opt-in rule that checks if an `async` declaration contains at least one `await`.  
```
